[Basic]

baseline_trials = 1
trials = 5
stress_weight = -50
improve_weight = 50
stress_these_resources = CPU-QUOTA,DISK,NET,MEMORY
stress_these_services = *
stress_these_machines = *
redis_host = localhost
stress_policy = ALL
machine_type = c4.large
quilt_overhead = 10
gradient_mode = single
rerun_baseline = False
nimr_squeeze_only = False
num_iterations = 20
error_tolerance = 0.1
setting_mode = cloud
fill_services_first =

[Workload]

type = hotrod
frontend = 54.215.136.88
request_generator = 13.57.198.217
additional_args =
additional_arg_values =
tbot_metric = latency_99
optimize_for_lowest = True
performance_target = 10
include_warmup = False
workload_num = 3

[Filter]

filter_policy = pipeline
stress_amount = -50
pipeline_services = RANDOM
filter_exp_trials = 1
pipeline_partitions = 6
